---
title: Privacy Policy
description: Read Handoff Privacy Policy to understand how your information is handled and safeguarded.
---

This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give Handoff when you use our websites, mobile apps or any other technology solution (collectively referred as "Handoff Products"). Handoff is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using Handoff Products, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Handoff may change this policy from time to time by updating this page, and you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.

Our contact email address is [support@handoff.chat](mailto:support@handoff.chat).

## Information collected

We may collect the following information:

- Name, profile picture and company information.
- Contact information such as your email address.
- Demographic information such as country, location, preferences and interests.
- Account identifiers and content from the AI models and services you elect to connect on Handoff Products, including data and communication history of accounts that you connect.
- Tracking Information such as, but not limited to the IP address of your device when connected to the Internet.
- Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.

## Cookies

We use data collection device known as "cookies" at certain stages of use of Handoff Products. Cookies are small files situated on your mobile/ computer/ device's storage that assists us in providing authentication and customized services. A cookie helps us analyze your
preferences by, for example, recording the number of times you have used the Handoff Products, and help us in tailoring our services to suit your interests. Further, there are certain features of the Handoff Products that are available only through the use of a cookie. These cookies may be used whether you register on the Handoff Products or not. However, a cookie does not give us access to your device.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. You may choose to disable the cookie feature on your device but this may prevent utilization of the services provided by the Handoff Products.

## Our use of your information

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

- To provide Handoff software services, including monitoring and responding to your inquries or issues reported by you.
- Internal record keeping.
- For transactional communication for your account
- We may use the information to improve our products and services.
- We may periodically send promotional communications about new products, features, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the contact information which you have provided. You may opt out of receiving such communications at any time by either using unsubscribe link in the email communication or sending an email to our support address mentioned above.
- From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.

## Sharing of the information collected

We will limit disclosure of your Personal Information to any third parties as far as possible and only disclose such information to third parties and for the purposes as provided for below.

Trusted Third Parties: we may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your information to facilitate our services, including for service execution, analytics, hosting and to assist us with technical and administrative aspects of the service (including credit card processing), and for general improvement of the services.

Law Enforcement: to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may disclose information where it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities and to meet national security and law enforcement requirements (including cooperating with governmental authorities regarding the investigation of illegal activities), suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.

Business Transfers: The only other scenarios in which we may otherwise share your Personal Information is if our company is substantially acquired by a third party, in which case your Personal Information may form part of that transfer.

## Security

We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us and information that we have accessed. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of our standard security procedures are at your sole risk and discretion.

## Links to other websites

Handoff Products may contain links to other websites and mobile apps of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over those products. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the product in question.

## Controlling your personal information

You may ask us to delete or remove your personal data, such as in the cases of deletion of your account. In those cases, we may retain basic information about you for our record keeping. We may not be able to ensure that third parties with whom we shared your data has deleted your personal information.

## Disclaimer

We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information shall never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information shall always remain private. As a user of the Handoff Products, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Handoff Products, the internet generally, and the content you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Handoff Products.
