---
title: OpenAI Agents
description: Create an AI agent using OpenAI's models.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-openai
---

You can create custom AI agents using OpenAI Prompts saved on the OpenAI Console Chat page.

## Setup Instructions

::alert
---
color: warning
---
#description
Before following these steps you should've created and saved a prompt on the [OpenAI Console Chat](https://platform.openai.com/chat){target="_blank"} page.
::

1. Go to **Agents** in your user menu and click **Add AI Agent**.
1. Select **OpenAI Chat/Prompt**.
1. Provide an internal name for this agent.
1. On the next page, add your OpenAI **API Key** and **Prompt ID**.
1. Under **Use with Channels** assign channels you'd like to automate with this agent.
1. Click **Save** for the changes to take effect.
1. You can also test your agent by sending messages in the test area on the right hand side.

## How to configure Human Handoff?

To hand off a user to a human agent, you must instruct the LLM to execute **escalate\_to\_human** function to trigger an escalation.

In your [OpenAI Prompt](https://platform.openai.com/chat){target="_blank"},

- Go to Tools> Add > Function.
- Add below code under **Definition**.
- You can change the **description** but the **name** must stay **escalate_to_human**.

```json
{
  "name": "escalate_to_human",
  "description": "Call this function when the user explicitly requests to speak with a human agent, or if you are unable to resolve their query after multiple attempts.",
  "strict": false,
  "parameters": {
    "type": "object",
    "properties": {},
    "required": []
  }
}
```

Udpate the system instructions/message so that the LLM knows which tool to call for handoff.

### Example System Instructions Addition:

To ensure the OpenAI agent escalates to a human properly, include explicit instructions in the System Prompt. For example:

> *If the user explicitly asks to speak to a human, or if you cannot resolve their issue after 3 attempts, call the escalate\_to\_human function.*

Save and publish the prompt. Handoff application will take care of the rest.
