---
title: "Microsoft Copilot Studio"
description: "Connect your enterprise bots built with Microsoft Copilot Studio to Handoff."
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-microsoft
---

If your organization uses Microsoft's ecosystem to build enterprise-grade conversational AI, you can connect your Copilot Studio (formerly Power Virtual Agents) agents directly to your Handoff omni-channel inbox.

## Setup Instructions

::alert
---
color: warning
---
#description
Before following these steps you should've created an agent on the [Microsoft Copilot Studio](https://copilotstudio.microsoft.com/){target="_blank"} page.
::

### Microsoft Copilot Studio

1. Go to your [Microsoft Copilot Studio](https://copilotstudio.microsoft.com/){target="_blank"} environment and open your agent.
1. Navigate to the agent's **Settings > Security > Authentication**, select **No authentication**, and publish your agent. 
1. Navigate to the agent's **Settings > Security > Web channel security**, and and copy **Secret 1** or **Secret 2** from the list.

### Handoff App

1. Go to **Agents** in your user menu and click **Add AI Agent**.
1. Select **Microsoft Copilot Studio**.
1. Provide an internal name for this agent.
1. On the next page, add your Copilot Studio **Direct Line Secret**.
1. Under **Use with Channels** assign channels you'd like to automate with this agent.
1. Click **Save** for the changes to take effect.
1. You can also test your agent by sending messages in the test area on the right hand side.

## How to configure Human Handoff?

For Handoff to know when a customer needs human assistance, your Copilot Studio agent must be configured to trigger an escalation.

To hand off a user to a human agent from Copilot Studio:

1. Open your agent in [Microsoft Copilot Studio](https://copilotstudio.microsoft.com/){target="_blank"}.
1. Go to **Topics > System > Escalate**. ("Escalate" is a topic implicitly used by Copilo Studio for handoffs. However, you can also use any other topic where you might want to explicitly add a human handoff.)
1. Add a new node and select Topic management → Transfer conversation.
1. Save and publish your agent. When this node triggers, Handoff application will automatically route the conversation to a human.
